README.md, before:

# (Not Complete)Pixel Properties Real Estate

Pixel Properties Real Estate quick page.

## Summary

This was a technical submission for an interview that I did however all original company references, names, icons, and other image assets were swapped out. Originally, this was a simple HTML submission for CSS proficiency and proper semantic structure demonstration, but it's been updated and expanded to be a full mini React/Typescript based site.

## Author Info

[Crystal C - Email](mailto:crystal.m.clark@proton.me)

[Github(@MidnightScripter)](https://github.com/MidnightScripter)

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/crystal-clark)

## Quick Package Summary

- React
  - Vite project creation
  - Vite svgr for better svg import
  - React classnames
  - React router
- CSS Modules (Vite Built-in)
- TypeScript
- Mock Service Worker (property listings API mockup)

## Running

npm run dev

Normally opens on http://localhost:5173 by default

## Icons and Images

Icons from [material.io](https://fonts.google.com/icons?selected=Material+Symbols+Outlined)

Images from [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com)

## Special Notes

Please note that this is a Demo/Portfolio Site, not a real company and these properties and any site content or information is _NOT REAL_. The data is made up and inspired by an RPG from the 90s.

Note that due to browser restrictions on navigator.geolocation, Search Near Me sometimes does not properly return your location when running locally. Firefox (not in-private) tabs seem to be the most reliable for testing this feature while running locally.

## Contributing

This is a practice / demo type of project, so contributions are disabled. Free free to pull/clone or use anything in here you might find useful though

Commit message:

add skeleton loader, move property type to it's own type file, implement loader on listing grid

README.md, after:

# (Not Complete)Pixel Properties Real Estate

Pixel Properties Real Estate demo site.

## Summary

This was a technical submission for an interview that I did however all original company references, names, icons, and other image assets were swapped out. Originally, this was a simple HTML submission for CSS proficiency and proper semantic structure demonstration, but it's been updated and expanded to be a full mini React/Typescript based site.

## Author Info

[Crystal C - Email](mailto:crystal.m.clark@proton.me)

[Github(@MidnightScripter)](https://github.com/MidnightScripter)

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/crystal-clark)

## Quick Package Summary

- React
  - Vite project creation
  - [Vite svgr (for better svg import)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vite-plugin-svgr)
  - [React router](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-router)
  - [React Classnames (easy class combining and handling)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/classnames)
  - [React Loading Skeleton (lightweight skeleton loader)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-loading-skeleton)
- CSS Modules (Vite Built-in)
- TypeScript
- [Mock Service Worker (Mocking data for API calls)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/msw)

## Running Locally

npm run dev

Normally opens on http://localhost:5173 by default

## Icons and Images

Icons from [material.io](https://fonts.google.com/icons?selected=Material+Symbols+Outlined)

Images from [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com)

## Special Notes

Please note that this is a Demo/Portfolio Site, not a real company and these properties and any site content or information is _NOT REAL_. The data is all made up and inspired by an RPG from the 90s.

Note that due to browser restrictions on navigator.geolocation, Search Near Me sometimes does not properly return your location when running locally. Firefox (not in-private) tabs seem to be the most reliable for testing this feature while running locally.

## Contributing

This is a practice / demo type of project, so contributions are disabled. Free free to pull/clone or use anything in here you might find useful
